-[footsteps approaching]
-[eerie music playing]
[Dimple] Here comes another psychic.
[evil spirit 1] Dimple, what do ya think
we should do with him?
He's probably just another fake.
Get rid of him.
[electricity crackles]
[evil spirits scream]
-[Dimple] Oh, crap!
-[evil spirit 2] He's real!
We're screwed!
-[evil spirit 1 screams]
-[music fades]
["99.9" playing]
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob!
Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
Get ready! ♪
♪ Coming down
Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob
Can't you feel your own frustration? ♪
♪ Coming down
Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob
What do you want to be? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Break it down ♪
♪ Ninety-nine point nine!
Ninety-nine point nine! ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche ♪
♪ Cryin' my heart in such common places ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ The Mob is alive, the Mob is high ♪
♪ The Mob is staying frustrated
Aren't you? ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Your life is your own ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob!
Get ready! ♪
[song concludes]
[gentle music playing]
INSIDE
~EVIL SPIRIT~
[Reigen] This next job is a big one!
I don't know what they want us to do yet,
but the client is a financial big wig…
meaning he's got tons of money!
He even paid for our taxi!
He did? Then why are we taking the train?
So he's rich, huh?
How'd he make his fortune?
He's a CEO.
Whoa!
How can one man own a place like this?
[indistinct chatter]
[Reigen] Get a load of these guys.
Do they look shady or what?
I'll bet they're fellow psychics.
[Banshomaru] There are two familiar faces!
Hey! It's Banshomaru Shinra!
So what brings you to this part of town?
[Banshomaru]
I could ask you the same thing.
[Jodo] Shinra!
[Banshomaru] Master Jodo!
Who is this man?
Seems you know each other.
KIRIN JODO
RISING SUN SPIRITUAL UNION PRESIDENT
He's a freelance psychic
named Reigen Arataka.
I fought alongside him
against an evil spirit one time.
Oh, I've heard of him.
This is the one who's been running around
lying about defeating the Dragger.
Nice to meet you.
[man 1] That's Jodo?
-[man 2] Don't look in his eyes!
-[man 3] What a creepy old man!
[Matsuo] Crap! It's them!
FORMER UPPER ECHELON MEMBER
OF CLAW'S SEVENTH DIVISION
I'm trying to go straight! The last thing
I wanna do is run into those people!
-That's him.
-The client, huh?
I wanna thank you all
for joining me this evening.
I appreciate it.
ASAGIRI HOLDINGS CEO
MASASHI ASAGIRI
I have no doubt
that I've been able to assemble
the finest group of real psychics
this country has to offer.
But what remains to be seen
is whether or not any of you are capable
of saving my daughter.
What you see here,
you must keep to yourselves.
This is my daughter,
Minori Asagiri. She's 14.
We're observing her
through a one-way mirror,
so she can't see us.
She's the same age as Mob, huh?
[man 4 whispers] Don't you think
that's going a little too far?
I was never one who believed
in possession by spirits.
Not at first.
So, I brought her before
the finest counselors
and psychiatrists in the world
to no effect whatsoever.
Thus, I've concluded
that an evil spirit has entered her body
and is controlling her.
And I'd like for one of you
to eliminate it.
-Sense anything?
-Not at all.
Nothing out of the ordinary, anyway.
Maybe she has some puberty-induced
mental illness, then.
Hold on.
I am sensing a faint,
but wicked, presence.
And it's extremely nearby.
Look, I'll pay whatever it takes!
I'll put together a special reward
for anybody here who can save her!
[sighs] All right!
Let's do this thing!
I can cast out this spirit
and then be home in time for dinner.
Sound good, Mob?
There's a bonus in it for ya.
A bonus. My first one!
Get real! You've barely gotten paid
in the first place!
Now hold it!
Why are you going ahead of us?
-[psychic 1] We were here before you!
-[psychic 2] No fair!
[psychic 3] I should go first!
-Please! Remain calm, everyone!
-[indistinct chatter]
Let's play rock paper scissors to decide.
[all] Huh?! Rock paper scissors?
Well, that seems fair, I guess.
-Fine by me.
-Let's go!
Okay, then! I'm going to play "paper."
-Huh?
-You're not supposed to give that away.
-Nah, I'll go "scissors" this time.
-Dude. Really?
Ignore him. That's just what he's like.
[Matsuo] So is he throwing paper?
Or scissors?
[all] Ready? On three! One, two three!
-[narrator] As usual, Reigen won.
-Master, how did you do that?
My boy, there's no one
who can beat me at rock paper scissors.
Bye, then! See you, losers!
-[Banshomaru] Why did I say I knew him?
-They're gonna hate me.
-Please, save my daughter! I beg you!
-On it.
[Reigen] It's impossible for me
to cure a psychological illness
in a girl I've just met.
If there's anything I can accomplish here,
it has to be as a psychic.
[Reigen] Hello, there.
Just treat them like any other client.
Tell me. Do you know
why you're locked up in here?
I don't. I have no idea.
-Papa's been really weird lately!
-[Reigen] He has?
[Minori] A while ago,
he started locking me in my room.
And tying me to the bed.
He stares at me in a weird way.
-He even hits me sometimes!
-[Masashi] No!
I mean, I don't hit her that hard.
[gasps]
[Minori] He brought in
all these strange grown-ups
and let them hover around me
and touch my body.
No! You're twisting around what happened!
[Minori] No matter what,
don't trust Father!
He just hasn't been himself lately!
Like he's possessed or something!
-How exactly?
-[Minori] He's telling people I'm cursed!
Father said that a demon's
taken over my body!
I mean, maybe I was acting like
a rebellious teenager,
but this is going too far! He's crazy!
No! Listen, I'm totally sane!
This is ridiculous!
The demon inside her is making
my daughter lie to you!
Am I… Am I going to be tied
to this bed forever?
[sobs] Help me, Mr. Psychic.
Please, sir, can you take these off of me?
These restraints hurt so much.
I'll ask your dad and see what I can do.
-So what do you think?
-[Reigen] Hmm.
[Jodo] I don't even need to look.
That young girl is perfectly normal.
I was thinking the same thing,
Master Jodo.
-[Masashi] What? What do you mean?
-We feel there's zero possibility
that an evil spirit
has possessed your daughter.
No! I'm telling you, that's impossible!
It's my turn next.
I agree with Master Jodo.
But just to be sure…
[Masashi] You don't understand, I--
-[psychic] The problem here is with you.
-[gasps]
You haven't adapted to the change
in your relationship
and refuse to accept it.
So instead, you started blaming it
on spirits and demons!
-No. Please. Listen.
-[indistinct chatter]
Why are you bozos talkin'
to the client like that?
There's a nasty one in there.
Something's definitely wrong.
Didn't feel like
I was talking to a kid at all.
Huh! So you're saying
you believe me, then?
Stop playing into his delusions.
You just wanna pocket that reward money.
Anybody she managed to trick
should pack up and get outta here.
Or she'll just make a fool outta you.
You seriously didn't notice anything?
Like how she switched
between "papa" and "father?"
Nobody?
Or how I never even introduced myself
but she still called me a psychic?
That means
she must've heard everything we s--
-[glass shatters]
-[groans]
[all scream]
[psychic] Judo! Are you okay?
She… She's a monster. [groans]
-Master!
-Don't worry, I'm fine.
Anyway, she showed us her cards
sooner than I thought she would.
[chuckles] You found me out,
no point in pretending.
[sinister voice] Just try
to get me out of this girl! I dare you!
[whimpers]
Someone, anyone!
Please save my daughter! Listen!
I'll pay whatever you want
if you can get rid of that demon
inside her!
Two hundred million! Five hundred million!
-[yawns]
-[shudders, mutters]
[yells]
-[grunts]
-[breathes heavily]
-[babbles indistinctly]
Ready? Watch me drink it!
I'm bored with all of you.
Looks like your turn will be coming up
pretty soon. Start gettin' warmed-up.
49TH OUT OF 68 - WINNER
You make it sound
like I'm lifting weights or something.
-[shudders]
-[Mob] But it's nothing like that.
What's wrong, Dimple?
You're shakin' like crazy.
-Is he a chihuahua?
-[Dimple] There's still time.
-Come on. Let's just get outta here!
-[both] Huh?
Listen, this name has to at least
ring a bell for you,
"Keiji Mogami."
-Never heard of him.
-[Reigen] Mogami?
Yeah, I modeled part of my work off him
when I started this job.
But he's been dead for some time.
Forty years ago, to be precise about it!
40 YEARS AGO
[Dimple] Keiji Mogami
was an incredibly popular psychic.
He used séances
and his channeling abilities
to help people in need,
and the media couldn't get enough of him!
But what the masses were seeing
was the celebrity, the entertainer.
One day, almost out of nowhere,
he disappeared from the public eye,
-as if he just vanished.
-[crows cawing]
[Dimple] But people didn't know
he had a darker side.
He was an assassin
who used his powers to kill.
But he was desperate for money.
His mother was gravely ill.
He wanted money for her treatment
and the devices needed to keep her alive.
Spending each day witnessing
the final moments of both the living
and the dead had broken him.
And eventually, it changed him.
That's when I first ran into him.
He came to try to exorcise me…
You'll pay for what you did to my friends.
[screams]
Feel the full weight of my power!
Overrun! Wraither Beam!
[gasps] I give up!
Hey! I said I give up!
I won't do anything bad again! I swear!
-[Mogami] What are you talking about?
-[Dimple] Huh?
I think you've got the wrong idea.
I'm not out here to punish you.
I came to absorb you.
[Dimple] A… Absorb me?
Huh? How is this human absorbing
my spiritual molecules into his body?
Hold on! You don't want to eat me!
I'll just make you sick!
[Mogami] I plan on killing myself soon.
When I do, I'll become
a powerful, vengeful spirit.
[Dimple] This guy's out of his mind!
Why? Why would you do that?
To take my revenge.
I'm gonna teach a lesson to those bastards
who think nothing bad
could ever happen to them.
I'm going to show them
what true hatred is.
Those who use others
and toss them aside will know fear.
And you're going to help me do it.
[whimpers]
[Mogami gasps]
I must've absorbed too many
evil spirits at once.
-[Mogami] He got away?
-[Dimple yelps]
[Reigen] Hold on a minute.
What does all that have to do
with right now?
[Dimple] This evil spirit is him!
Keiji Mogami,
psychic star of the 20th century!
Or what's become of him!
[groans] Help me.
Somebody, please. [yelps]
Goodbye.
[screams]
All of you are weaklings.
You're pathetic.
None of you are worthy of your lives.
So I'll take them.
[Jodo] Well, well, it appears
it's finally my turn, then.
It's a shame I'm so terrible
at rock paper scissors.
[Minori] Are you supposed
to be a famous psychic?
I don't recognize you.
Please, God. We need you.
Leave this mortal plane forever!
Master Jodo means business!
I'm learning so much!
He doesn't spread salt around
or use a chant, or anything?
[grunts]
Mommy.
[screams]
-[psychic 1] Wait, something's wrong!
-[psychic 2] Has he been possessed now?
[evil spirit] So that's it?
You've gotta be kidding me.
How is this weakling famous for anything?
-[gasps] Whoa! He's coming!
-Run, Shigeo!
[cackles]
Anti-Possession Jumping Knee Strike!
[Narrator] This is another one
of Reigen's special moves.
He strikes a possessed person in their gut
with his knee, forcing them
to lose consciousness.
-[all] Master Jodo!
-[Reigen] Sorry!
Hey, evil spirit!
My intuition tells me that
you're actually Keiji Mo--
[yelps]
-So you know who I am, do you?
-[Reigen] Holy crap, it was true?
Did you really come back from the dead
just to possess this girl?
Were you always into young girls, or--
Come on, time out!
[Mob] He won't stop!
-[whimpers]
-[Masashi] Minori!
Please, stop this. I'm here.
Papa's right by your side, sweetheart.
Get away from her.
[thud, squelching]
[groans]
[Mob] He stabbed him!
Oh, no. You're kidding!
[all scream]
These stakes are way too high for me, man!
-No way can we fight this thing!
-I'm outta here!
-[psychic 5] It won't open?
-[psychic 6] Save us!
[Mogami] You're not leaving already,
are you?
-[gasps]
-Well, this has become a big mess.
-Hey, Mob. So you feelin' warmed up yet?
-Yes, sir.
Well, to be honest, not really.
But I don't exactly have a choice.
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
-[psychic] He's a demon.
-[psychic 2] We need to get outta here!
I'm also a good exorcist, and I'm gonna--
[all groan]
Spirit Hold!
[gasps]
Oh? I don't know who you are,
but you've got some decent
telekinetic abilities.
It's impossible to move a human body's
joints beyond their range of motion.
But what about the joints of a doll?
-[gasps]
-[chuckles]
You can move them however you want!
[shudders]
[Mob] That poor girl's body…
[Mogami] Understand now?
Putting stress on this girl's body
won't end my possession.
-[laughs]
-Hey, Mogami.
What are you laughing at?
[Mogami] It's him.
[Mob] I'm going to end this.
[Mob] Say goodbye. You're leaving.
It's goin' down!
What spiritual power…
[breathes heavily]
[psychic 3] What the hell is that?
[psychic 4] I've never seen
anything like it!
Get out of Minori's body! Now!
Holy crap!
I thought he was just a kid,
but he's super strong!
[Matsuo] He hasn't just possessed her.
He's almost fused with her!
[Mob] I… I failed!
Master, all I did was make things worse.
[Reigen] You're saying
he's stronger than you?
[Mob] Yes.
-No way.
-We're screwed.
He's more powerful than ever before!
[cackles] Is that all you got, kid?
[gasps]
-Ambush him!
-Take him down!
[all scream]
It's just like he planned it.
He is the ultimate evil spirit now!
Well, Shigeo,
if you die and can't pass on,
-the two of us can be ghost buddies!
-Don't even joke about that!
-Hold on.
-[both] Huh?
I think I know how to get him out.
I need to chase him from the inside.
Are you nuts?
How does a living human materialize
inside somebody else's body?
[Mob] By leaving theirs.
That might work.
But during the time you're doing that,
your body will be defenseless.
And even if you are able to pull this off,
he still isn't gonna let you inside.
Maybe. But I don't have a choice.
Look, Dimple. I need a favor.
Can you possess my body
and protect it for a while?
[Dimple] Huh?
Oh, no. That's not a very good idea, Mob.
Knowing him, he'll keep it. Forever.
You know what it is
you're asking me to do, don't you?
[chuckles]
You're not seriously
gonna trust him, are you?
I'm sure it'll be fine.
Uh--
First, I need to lose consciousness.
Concentrate.
[Reigen] Has he changed
a little recently?
Wait. Maybe he's trying to change himself.
[both gasp]
[Dimple] Whoa!
[Reigen] Wow! Even I can see him!
Huh?
-[groans]
-Here he comes!
Take that!
[yelps] Whoa! Hold up! [screams]
[groans]
[Reigen] No good. I can't move.
Forget something?
If you don't want this body,
can I have it?
What a dumbass.
Now, it's mine!
Just try and take it!
[both grunt]
[Dimple] I've had plans
for this body for a long time.
So, I'm not gonna let you break it!
[evil spirit yells]
What's another spirit doing here?
You're interrupting me.
Get lost.
This is it. Now, Shigeo!
[Mogami] So, this was your big plan?
You must be insane!
That's not some ordinary kid
you're dealin' with.
All right
You can do this, Mob. Go get him.
-[Mogami] Welcome.
-[gasps]
Still got your wits about you?
If you'd failed to make your way in here,
then your soul would've been annihilated.
I've come to ask you to leave this body.
You don't think
we can just talk this out, do you?
I don't. But you seem
so human to me right now.
Let me welcome you
to the world of the mind.
Here, your thoughts are reflected
in the body you take.
My name is Keiji Mogami.
And I used to be a psychic.
And you're not forcing me out.
A barrier?
Such magnificent power.
Mind showing me what else you can do?
[groans, gasps]
[Mob] His face, it looks so evil.
[gasps] This is unbelievable.
[coughs]
I've never met anyone
with the power you have.
You're truly blessed.
[Mob] That's a spirit. An evil spirit.
I've got a question for you.
Do you happen to know
where every single incarnation
of psychic power comes from?
I'm sorry, but I don't have a lot of time.
I need to finish you.
They're from feelings.
Those powers are derived from emotions.
[gasps]
The thing that makes humans unique
in the universe is the variety
of feelings they have.
It's what brings them prosperity,
happiness, as well as conflict.
[Mob] Huh? My power--
[Mogami] You can't use
your psychic abilities anymore.
What I did just then was measure
the power you imagine you have.
It was impressive.
I sensed many feelings pulsing within it.
But you seem to be satisfied
with letting others use you.
Get out of her. Leave--
[Mogami] You still don't understand,
do you?
This was a trap.
[Mogami] I allowed you inside
deliberately.
I've got another question for you.
Take two people, one who lives happily
and another living in misery.
Which of these two people
has stronger feelings?
The answer is the latter.
Negative feelings are inherently stronger.
The more stress you feel,
the more weight on your shoulders,
the greater the energy is within you.
But that's good news for you!
It means you can become even stronger
than you are now.
You just have to change
the way you look at the world a little.
Would you like me to help you?
[gasps]
It's morning.
[Mogami] Shigeo Kageyama.
Here, you're just
a normal middle schooler.
I've taken the liberty of altering
your memories a bit,
as well as removing your powers.
Change your point of view,
and the world's a totally different place.
Now for something completely different.
Let's see what you're like
without your abilities.
["Memosepia" playing]
[singing in Japanese]
[song concludes]
[Mob] Huh? What was I doing?
I feel like it was something important.
I can't remember at all.
Oh, I need to get to school.
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 II,
episode five,
"Discord ~Choices~"